Overview
In this project, you will build infrastructure for Tartan in order to conduct tests in production. First, you will deploy your application with Docker containers and automate deployment into production, as well as making it easy to roll back changes. Second, you will extend the project and build an AB testing infrastructure that can be used to assess specific changes.

Learning goals:

Design an AB-testing infrastructure to run tests in production.
Deploy the system through a virtualized infrastructure and support rapid updates and rollback operations with test automation.
NOTE: You will continue to work on the same Tartan Home repository you created through GitHub Classroom for the previous projects. Please check Canvas for deadlines.

Part 1: Continuous Deployment
Having learned about continuous deployment, members of your company are curious to try it. You will investigate Docker containers and run your infrastructure in containers. You can also run the house simulators in Docker containers if you like. Because your company does not have in-house server machines, your company is going to acquire VM resources from Cybera. Since Cybera uses OpenStack to manage its computing resources, you will also use it to create your own VM instance. After creating and configuring that instance (e.g., associate a floating (public) IP address, install Docker), you will deploy and run your containers there. Note that we already provided a setup for Docker (docker-compose.yml file) with the original release, which you are welcome to use or modify.

You will need to extend your build and test automation, such that Docker containers for all backend services (controller, database, and possibly additional services you may create) are created automatically every time you push a commit to GitHub and it passes all tests. You can either launch the new containers automatically, replacing the currently running ones, or provide a lightweight mechanism where a human operator can launch a new version with a single button or command-line instruction. (The house simulators are not part of the backend and should usually continue running while the controller is updated.)

Finally, implement a technique for how to undo a release and revert back to the previous version. Similar to releasing new versions, undoing a release should be possible with a single button click or command-line instruction. Make sure to test your roll-back technique and to fully document the exact steps that should be done to perform a roll-back.

For the purpose of this assignment, it is not necessary to roll out changes incrementally or build a canary test infrastructure. However, you may possibly need to slightly modify the controller or houses to deal with short-term connection failures during updates.

Part 2: AB Testing
In addition to automating deployment, you will extend the Tartan Smart Home system with a reporting feature that sends customers weekly or monthly reports about how they use their system. You will then design an experimentation infrastructure in which you test different versions of the reporting "in production" to see whether customers change their behaviour.

You have significant flexibility in the assignment in deciding what kind of reporting you add and what kind of experiments you want to run. For example, you may find inspiration in decades of studies that analyzes what kind of information in electricity bills actually encourages customers to reduce their electricity consumption, but you can also report on other behaviour of the smart home, such as temperature, door locking status, etc. Note that building the experiment infrastructure is more important than the actual experiments and certainly more important than whether your new reporting feature looks pretty.

In this assignment, you may want to change multiple parts of the system or may be able to work only with modular additions (e.g., adding a new microservice for reporting and another one for configuration and analysis). Given that you cannot actually test with a production system yet (the team developing the hardware for the houses is still not ready, *sigh*), you may want to change the simulation infrastructure to have more houses and houses with different behaviour to test your infrastructure in simulation.

Specifically:

Build a reporting system that creates reports for each customer with a Tartan Smart Home installation, reporting an aspect of your choice. For example, how much electricity they are using or how long they are keeping their lights on. Users should be able to see this information on their UI.
Build an experimentation infrastructure that (a) allows you to send different versions of the reports to different customers or at different times (For example, you can show one set of users their electricity usage using kWh and show another set of users their estimated cost of electricity), (b) analyzes whether these changes have an effect on outcomes of how these customers use the system. You may need to modify how you track different customers, and you may need to collect additional data about outcomes.
At the end of the experimentation period, generate some form of visualization (e.g., chart, graph, table, whether as an HTML page or as a downloadable file) that shows which report variant was sent to which customer and how it affected them. For example, the result can be that the users who were shown the cost of electricity usage is now using less electricity than the ones who were shown their kWh usage. You can have the downloadable file in your repository or in Google Drive, and mention the link to the file in your group assignment report.
Acceptance Criteria
The following criteria must be satisfied for the assignment to be accepted as complete.

Criteria (Continuous Deployment)	Grade
Be sure to include the IP address of your container in your report and make sure the Container is in the Cybera Edmonton zone.	required
The system, including the simulation of houses and the new experimentation infrastructure, is deployed with Docker containers.	10
All changes that pass the automated test suites are automatically built as deployable Docker containers.	15
The deployment of newly built versions of the Docker containers on the virtual machine is either fully automated or can be done with a single command that is described in the repository's README file.	20
Reverting the running system to the previous version can be achieved with a single command that is described in the repository's README file.	15
Criteria (AB Testing)	Grade
A reporting system has been implemented that can periodically send reports to customers.	15
An experimentation infrastructure has been implemented that tracks which customers should see which variants of the software. *NOTE: At least two report versions are implemented. The report must include a table showing which house received which version, along with the file path to the config.	20
An analysis infrastructure has been implemented that can evaluate the outcome of experiments (given one metric, how did the customer's behaviour change).	15
An experiment has been conducted using the experimentation infrastructure, sending different variants of the report to different customers and observing different outcomes.	20
README
In your repository, please include technical documentation of how to launch containers, update containers after a build, and revert containers. Documentation should be organized according to the repository structure. All required commands must be easy to find and clearly explained.

Report for Parts 1 & 2
The following describes the required details of the report:

Reporting feature (<1 page text): Describe your reporting feature and the goal for which you are optimizing (e.g., reducing energy consumption); include an example of a report.
Experiment design (< 1 page text): Describe your experiment(s): what are the experimental conditions (independent variables) and measured outcomes (dependent variables), and how you measure those.
Experimentation infrastructure (< 1 page text): Describe how you assign experimental conditions: how you implement experimental conditions (e.g., branches, feature flags); how you assign control and treatment groups; and a short justification why you chose this implementation/design.
Analysis infrastructure (<1 page text): Describe how you analyze the outcome of the experiment. We encourage you to include a screenshot showing the outcome of your experiment.
